Implement a workaround for `libglvnd` aliasing `eglGetPlatformDisplay` and `eglGetPlatformDisplayEXT` and causing errors at surface creation due to use of KHR functions when the EGL version for the dispaly is 1.4. (#1690)
rust-windowing/glutin: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed EGL's `Device::query_devices()` being too strict about required extensions
- Fixed crash in `EglGetProcAddress` on Win32-x86 platform due to wrong calling convention

> - Fixed EGL's `Display::new` making an `EGLDisplay::Khr` when the underlying platform only supports `EGLDisplay::Ext` due to `libglvnd` using the same vendor functions for obtaining a display connection both for `eglGetPlatformDisplay` and `eglGetPlatformDisplayEXT`.

Reviewer: That's not really a fix, it's a _workaround_, since it's a libglvnd bug, obviously.

Reviewer 2: And the same applies to the PR & commit title which also need to be improved, as requested before.

> - Implement a workaround for EGL's `Display::new` making an `EGLDisplay::Khr` when the underlying platform only supports `EGLDisplay::Ext` due to `libglvnd` using the same vendor functions for obtaining a display connection both for `eglGetPlatformDisplay` and `eglGetPlatformDisplayEXT`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Implement a workaround for EGL's `Display::new()` making an `EGLDisplay::Khr` when the underlying platform only supports `EGLDisplay::Ext` due to `libglvnd` using the same vendor functions for obtaining a display connection for both `eglGetPlatformDisplay()` and `eglGetPlatformDisplayEXT()`.
```

> - Implement a workaround for EGL's `Display::new()` making an `EGLDisplay::Khr` when the underlying platform only supports `EGLDisplay::Ext` due to `libglvnd` using the same vendor functions for obtaining a display connection for both `eglGetPlatformDisplay()` and `eglGetPlatformDisplayEXT()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed EGL's `Display::new()` making an `EGLDisplay::Khr` when the EGL version is below 1.4.
```

Reviewer 2: @kchibisov can we correct that to `when the EGL version is 1.4 or lower`. Otherwise, when the `EGL version is below 1.4`?

Reviewer: sure.
